okay so now this is any video for how to
volumize thin hair um and there's really
there's two things that you could use
but this I dried my hair and I I wanted
you I had to go somewhere but quickly or
I was gonna kind of show you how I dried
my hair but um basically what I do is I
take fit um sorry I take the dryer and
I'm just going to go ahead and do it
really quick and I hope you can hear me
[Applause]
so I don't know if you could just hear
me but I take the brush and stuff you
know going way over here with the dryer
I pull that hair like that and obviously
here's your net while it's wet and then
I pull the hair way over this side and
you know keep brushing brushing and then
um one of the but I get the bangs down
first my front bangs I don't want them
to curl and go funky on me so that's the
number one thing I do first is brush
those down and then I tip my head upside
down and I know not everyone can do that
because you might get dizzy or whatnot
but um and then so once I did that
technique I just showed you and then I
flip it over and then finish drying my
hair brushing straight down because
you're gonna get some heights back here
a little bit so this is no I haven't
done anything so um I like to use this
little Tresemme just spritz it a little
bit for because since I color my hair
but I don't like to go a lot up here's
just because I don't want to lose my
volume then I just create it but I'm
gonna Flatiron this part so anyway
basically you know I'll get when I what
I direction like does it look better
this way this way you know I just kind
of play with it whatever you know I'm
having a better hair day is so I don't
really have a preference of one side or
the other
and so then another Keith thing let me
get a little closer um you take your
flat iron and you go out and then go
down and kind of curl and that actually
will give you
even though your straighten it it will
give you some volume and another thing
is I mean usually have to play with this
for a minute to see but instead of going
you know really fast to try to
straighten your hair like if you do one
nice go relatively slow but you don't
want to burn your hair and go down and
if you do it one time slower you're
gonna get it straightened but these I
always go out and down and it you get
volume by doing that so I'm just gonna
for the sake of this video I'm not gonna
do all over but so then the best thing I
ever ever got and it was just recently
but it made shake I already have showed
a video in this this Oasis dust it I
might be pronouncing that wrong but if
you what you do is just like slice open
a section and the put tape right here
and so it doesn't all come out at one
time and then you because this stuff
isn't really cheap well you can find it
on the internet but at this hole on its
pricey where I get it they just just sit
in your hair and you instantly and get
volume will just awesome because my hair
is a little you know it's longer on the
longer side but it's a very very thin
very thin so you can see poof and it
just puts up the so cool
so the best thing I reasonably got I've
seen this lots of times and I thought I
don't need this I can you know achieve
ratting and whatnot with this what you
need this one okay it's only like five
six dollars at Sally's but you just take
you know where you want volume so this
sides looking pretty volume I swear this
one's a little bit thinner so I just
take it like back and then just go down
and start back combing and see that and
then take another section and then you
lightly take your brush and start it'll
grab hair and it'll go over that and
make it look nice and smooth and then
you can
and then just smooth over
when you get awesome volume with this
brush I mean I can't say enough good
things about this volumizing brush five
foot yogurt so good film and then you
know you'll just you don't even have to
spray a hair spray
um because you don't want a heavy
hairspray to lose that because when you
have been here something of a heavy
hairspray can actually put weight on and
and then you know your hair is already
weighed down again so just real lightly
like for if you have quietly is like I
do because from coloring your hair and
just kind of put the bat in just to put
him down and and you're good to go
and it's it's just honestly this and
this for volumizing say oh I hope that
helps you guys and and the hair dryer -
I think that's a huge part because if I
let my hair air dry and then I put my
makeup on and then I go do my hair it
does not I do not give the same volume
is it one right when I get out of and
then dry my hair when I um it has to be
really wet and I mean I'm kind of under
the dryer for a while but I get the
maximum volume when I do it that way it
verses air drying into the hair so
anyway I hope that helps
and I will talk to you all there's Kate
by you